README.md, before:

![img](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Gaspard--/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II/master/resources/Jacket.png)

## Usage

*Unix (tested with GCC 6.4)*

1. Clone the project `git clone https://github.com/Gaspard--/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II` or [download as zip](https://github.com/Gaspard--/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II/archive/master.zip)
2. Install the [GLFW](http://www.glfw.org/) and the [SFML](https://www.sfml-dev.org/) libraries
3. `cd` into the project directory
4. Make the release : `mkdir release && cd release && cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release && cd .. && make -C release`
5. Launch the game: `./Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II`
6. Enjoy!

*Windows*

Get the [installer](https://github.com/Gaspard--/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II/releases/download/v1.0.0/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II.msi) or the [zip archive](https://github.com/Gaspard--/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II/releases/download/v1.0.0/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II.zip)

## Story

After some long years of meditation under the Space Waterfall of Knowledge, your favorite Ultra-Ninja is back and ready for action!
Ken leads the Resistance against the Zombie invasion and will protect his fellow villagers with everything he got.
The New Hope of humanity starts now...

## Gameplay

* Tutorial in-game for the controls
* You have to protect your ever growing village from the falling zombies, don't let the plague spread!
* Pay attention to the villagers, they aren't insensitive to your hits.
* High-five your buddies for bombs and ultimates!

## Developers
* [David Zeng](https://github.com/Arcsz)
* [Jakob Kellendonk](https://github.com/Gaspard--)
* [Jamy Bailly](https://github.com/baillyjamy)
* [Louis Guittard](https://github.com/TheSheepKing)
* [Matteo Melis](https://github.com/melis-m)
* [Matthias Rigaud](https://github.com/matthiasrigaud)
* [Vincent Riamon](https://github.com/riamon-v)

## Music
* [Jakob Kellendonk](https://soundcloud.com/gaspard-4)

## Arts
* Richard Yiv

## Ludum Dare Page

This game was developed during the LD40.
You can visit our LD40 game page [here](https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/40/ultra-ninja-vs-falling-zombies-II).

Commit message:

add link to first opus

README.md, after:

![img](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Gaspard--/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II/master/resources/Jacket.png)

## Usage

*Unix (tested with GCC 6.4)*

1. Clone the project `git clone https://github.com/Gaspard--/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II` or [download as zip](https://github.com/Gaspard--/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II/archive/master.zip)
2. Install the [GLFW](http://www.glfw.org/) and the [SFML](https://www.sfml-dev.org/) libraries
3. `cd` into the project directory
4. Make the release : `mkdir release && cd release && cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release && cd .. && make -C release`
5. Launch the game: `./Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II`
6. Enjoy!

*Windows*

Get the [installer](https://github.com/Gaspard--/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II/releases/download/v1.0.0/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II.msi) or the [zip archive](https://github.com/Gaspard--/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II/releases/download/v1.0.0/Ultra-Ninja-VS-Falling-Zombies-II.zip)

## Story

After some long years of meditation under the Space Waterfall of Knowledge, your favorite Ultra-Ninja is back and ready for action!
Ken leads the Resistance against the Zombie invasion and will protect his fellow villagers with everything he got.
The New Hope of humanity starts now...

## Gameplay

* Tutorial in-game for the controls
* You have to protect your ever growing village from the falling zombies, don't let the plague spread!
* Pay attention to the villagers, they aren't insensitive to your hits.
* High-five your buddies for bombs and ultimates!

## Developers
* [David Zeng](https://github.com/Arcsz)
* [Jakob Kellendonk](https://github.com/Gaspard--)
* [Jamy Bailly](https://github.com/baillyjamy)
* [Louis Guittard](https://github.com/TheSheepKing)
* [Matteo Melis](https://github.com/melis-m)
* [Matthias Rigaud](https://github.com/matthiasrigaud)
* [Vincent Riamon](https://github.com/riamon-v)

## Music
* [Jakob Kellendonk](https://soundcloud.com/gaspard-4)

## Arts
* Richard Yiv

## Ultra-ninja VS Falling Zombies

You can play to the first opus just [here](https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/38/ultra-ninja-vs-falling-zombies) !

## Ludum Dare Page

This game was developed during the LD40.
You can visit our LD40 game page [here](https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/40/ultra-ninja-vs-falling-zombies-ii-new-hope).
